stock_demand_estimate/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=====================
Stock Demand Estimate
=====================

This module allows to create demand estimates for a given product and
location, on configurable time periods.

The module does not provide in itself any specific usage of the estimates.

Installation
============

This module relies on:

* The OCA module '2D matrix for x2many fields', and can be downloaded from
  Github: https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/10.0/web_widget_x2many_2d_matrix
* The OCA module 'Date Range', and can be downloaded from
  Github: https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/10.0/date_range


Usage
=====

Go to 'Warehouse / Configuration / Demand Estimate Periods' and define your
estimating periods (monthly or weekly).

Go to 'Warehouse / Demand Planning / Create Demand Estimates' to create or
update your demand estimates.

Go to 'Warehouse / Demand Planning / Demand Estimates' to review the
estimates created.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/153/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@eficent.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[MIG] stock_demand_estimate: migrate to 11
stock_demand_estimate: refactor sheet wizard

stock_demand_estimate/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=====================
Stock Demand Estimate
=====================

This module allows to create demand estimates for a given product and
location, on configurable time periods.

The module does not provide in itself any specific usage of the estimates.

Installation
============

This module relies on:

* The OCA module '2D matrix for x2many fields', and can be downloaded from
  Github: https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/11.0/web_widget_x2many_2d_matrix
* The OCA module 'Date Range', and can be downloaded from
  Github: https://github.com/OCA/server-ux/tree/11.0/date_range


Usage
=====

Go to 'Inventory / Configuration / Date Ranges' and define your estimating periods.

Go to 'Inventory / Demand Planning / Create Demand Estimates' to create or
update your demand estimates.

Go to 'Inventory / Demand Planning / Demand Estimates' to review the
estimates created.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/153/11.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@eficent.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
